alberto arte del tolima referees bill spooner
today if in the capital of the republic
great work of millionaire losses except for the VAT
fernandez liking
the Olympic goal
and look how they attacked
a single millionaire forward
during the summit
next to them but that did not arrive in block with six
to land and
presidential ones
ismenia fernández gabi fernández
the center was a little high and estuaries and so he could get well
face
have not started on the shores of the ocean they have met the match and until
that moment Medellin well stopped
all line of four and but to also is certain attack valoyes was in the
bank we do not have why the norm of sub 19 yes it is known that it must be like this by
that was pine but the truth
by how the same
an establishment such as to give you a lot for a long time
demons in the 10th yes yes yes today he made three goals for the fact rather
total command of English and the rostrum becoming very good
practically if in
there was no where are you going to see that in this rejection of chestnut make
sleep a rejection in global and they had to stand in line for around a
offer before
mists more still
dismissed the suggestions of the superpowers
so that you see and that god asked me to fernandez very good football
but in the sport of modern golf and the presence of hernandez, it had a great impact
irurueta members of the police spo average buyers who push them the
these competition has qualified as precise point then says is to say to the
half of everyone who wants but are not serious and irreversible
the middle class talent toilets before as he had been acting from the
pole to crossbowmen as the problem of low
the French
Boluda in mind that data
of decline is reflected in the region
aragon turns the west coast that recognizes its good things
I never said that he does not play well and he knows what they learned dish tell you not to
There may be a very good work
Now we have to be very sure
that dead boy
Uribe because the team know
second the inn as the berraquera war to colombia highway homeless
the idea that several of nature's goods because they do not talk to me about
final crossbowmen
everything to close the item to remove or people
ballester actors verónica meleán colesterol
of canyon and
at 7 'and I did not want rain time but good if there was or not limited to have
Personal sent in charge of the secretary of the committee has removed his post
because you have to change
it is true that something has to be done with the approval votes, which is why
as it does not pose as the baby that gave signs of acceptable life
sentenced
efe
the bahiense judge
he is the eternal ghost
and spectacular is not true that he is a very good player and press
if it catches you have that was the idea
married to the player
that decision I will try to trust the football player monopolizes without a doubt
the bottom part so that people can see the images
13 percent in traffic in the area
hernandez comes
it's about doing it hits you badly
whether he hit him badly and fell this October will be between 22 and 25 if
will be the exception following the path of success
look look at the zhta fatah as zagallo and prestige
the Salesians
if the result was outside the reactor 2
the disappointment
thereafter my dear p
the later the sea redaction
it was maintenance work for millionaires
the rhythm worked little
and mid-march the fourth could have done
congratulations for
the battering ram be very happy
happy he was perfect fulfilled his team so it is and especially with the transports
three basketball goals and he considered that he hands out kisses
which was wrapped
the sectors there were quota 400 million barrels could be pointed no matter
the concept of nation
the 14 8% of roberto carlos juárez 4 kamanin
it is very difficult to get rid of the sector
four flyers
javier alba and thyme damage workshop alba and tuff go gearing solo attacker that
draft
it may seem like a man a third of the goals
I hope he comes back